deploy-templates/README.md, before:

# cd-pipeline-operator

![Version: 2.17.0-SNAPSHOT](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-2.17.0--SNAPSHOT-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 2.17.0-SNAPSHOT](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-2.17.0--SNAPSHOT-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for EDP CD Pipeline Operator

**Homepage:** <https://epam.github.io/edp-install/>

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| epmd-edp | <SupportEPMD-EDP@epam.com> | <https://solutionshub.epam.com/solution/epam-delivery-platform> |
| sergk |  | <https://github.com/SergK> |

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/epam/edp-cd-pipeline-operator>

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | string | `nil` |  |
| annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| global.platform | string | `"kubernetes"` | platform type that can be "kubernetes" or "openshift" |
| image.repository | string | `"epamedp/cd-pipeline-operator"` | EDP cd-pipeline-operator Docker image name. The released image can be found on [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/epamedp/cd-pipeline-operator) |
| image.tag | string | `nil` | EDP cd-pipeline-operator Docker image tag. The released image can be found on [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/epamedp/cd-pipeline-operator/tags) |
| imagePullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| manageNamespace | bool | `true` | should the operator manage(create/delete) namespaces for stages |
| manageSecrets | bool | `false` | manageSecrets is a flag that indicates whether the operator should manage secrets for stages |
| name | string | `"cd-pipeline-operator"` | component name |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| resources.limits.memory | string | `"192Mi"` |  |
| resources.requests.cpu | string | `"50m"` |  |
| resources.requests.memory | string | `"64Mi"` |  |
| tenancyEngine | string | `"none"` | defines the type of the tenant engine that can be "none", "kiosk" or "capsule" |
| tolerations | list | `[]` |  |

Commit message:

feat: Add multi-cluster support for the operator (#10)
The operator can switch clusters for stages based on Stage.spec.clusterName. All resources created during Stage reconciliation(namespaces, rbac, etc.) will be created on the remote/internal cluster.
Helm parameter manageSecrets renamed to the secretManager. secretManager can be own/eso/none. eso/none - it was in the old approach manageSecrets:true/false. own - operator will copy the secret to the target namespace by itself.

Change-Id: I50f1e6c214597c4db095b037fd2ecea56e2de114

deploy-templates/README.md, after:

# cd-pipeline-operator

![Version: 2.17.0-SNAPSHOT](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-2.17.0--SNAPSHOT-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 2.17.0-SNAPSHOT](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-2.17.0--SNAPSHOT-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for EDP CD Pipeline Operator

**Homepage:** <https://epam.github.io/edp-install/>

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| epmd-edp | <SupportEPMD-EDP@epam.com> | <https://solutionshub.epam.com/solution/epam-delivery-platform> |
| sergk |  | <https://github.com/SergK> |

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/epam/edp-cd-pipeline-operator>

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | string | `nil` |  |
| annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| global.platform | string | `"kubernetes"` | platform type that can be "kubernetes" or "openshift" |
| image.repository | string | `"epamedp/cd-pipeline-operator"` | EDP cd-pipeline-operator Docker image name. The released image can be found on [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/epamedp/cd-pipeline-operator) |
| image.tag | string | `nil` | EDP cd-pipeline-operator Docker image tag. The released image can be found on [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/epamedp/cd-pipeline-operator/tags) |
| imagePullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| manageNamespace | bool | `true` | should the operator manage(create/delete) namespaces for stages |
| name | string | `"cd-pipeline-operator"` | component name |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| resources.limits.memory | string | `"192Mi"` |  |
| resources.requests.cpu | string | `"50m"` |  |
| resources.requests.memory | string | `"64Mi"` |  |
| secretManager | string | `"none"` | flag that indicates whether the operator should manage secrets for stages; values: own/eso/none. own - just copy secrets; eso - secrete will be managed by External Secrets Operator(operator should be installed in the cluster); none - not enable secrets management logic; |
| tenancyEngine | string | `"none"` | defines the type of the tenant engine that can be "none", "kiosk" or "capsule" |
| tolerations | list | `[]` |  |
